Alejandro Yepes Shutova
Senior UX/UI - Mobile Apps  |  Carrots Lab
Experience
UX Engineer
Upwork (freelance)  |  Berlin, Germany & Madrid, Spain  |  Feb 2021 - Present
Designed and developed user-centered interfaces for web and mobile applications. Specialized in user and market research, alongside data preprocessing and inferential analysis. Worked with Santander, ACS Group, and various small businesses.
Presented opportunities to create user value by conducting secondary research and expanding it with primary research.
Identified the right business solutions by processing research data, and prioritizing alternatives with QFD planning.
Ensured consistent and scalable user experiences across different platforms by producing brand style guidelines/visual design systems.
Involved a variety of stakeholders in the design process, while creating wireframes and low-fidelity mockups, to share and communicate design ideas throughout the company.
Conducted in-house usability tests with Figma prototypes to iterate on and refine user interactions.
Practiced agile development methodologies to quickly build and test design solutions.
Deployed designs on the client’s framework or platform of choice, usually WordPress or Webflow. Assisted development teams by implementing components on React.
Integrated content management systems for content creators, and web analytic systems for data scientists.
UX Design Intern
Nextpractice GmbH  |  Bremen, Germany  |  Dec 2018 - Jan 2019
Supported designers by researching customer needs and industry trends for a project sharing platform.
Was introduced to Design Thinking sprints, where my team was responsible for conducting basic user research and developing user flows and personas.
Led small usability tests on the existing platform to identify pain points, gather user feedback, and to better understand customer requirements.
Streamlined the platform’s information architecture and user journey by identifying and prioritizing the most engaging features on the platform.
Improved the software's usability metrics (SUS, CSAT, CES, NPS).
Industrial Engineering Intern
Jacobs University Bremen  |  Bremen, Germany  |  Sep 2018 - Dec 2018
Contributed to the design and implementation of strategic manufacturing processes to minimize lead time and input costs in a simulated production facility.
Collaborated with a cross-functional team to model and troubleshoot key operational bottlenecks and to optimize product development processes.
Performed technical analyzes (time-motion studies, value stream mapping, human factors analysis) to identify complex interactions and opportunities for process optimization.
Skills & Tools
Research
Demographic research, Competitor audits, Discovery sessions, Stakeholder interviews, Field studies, Survey design.
Data Analysis
Data preprocessing, Descriptive analyzes, Data visualization, Matplotlib, Diagnostic analyzes, Exploratory analyzes, Inferential analyzes, Google Analytics, Pandas, SciPy, Scikit-learn, Python.
UX Design
Journey mapping, User persona modeling, Site mapping, Card sorting, QFD, Axiomatic design.
UI Design
Brand identity design (Color, Typography, Iconography, Layout, AI Photography, Wireframing, Prototyping), Figma, Adobe Creative Cloud.
Usability testing
Participant screening, A/B Testing, Contextual interviews, Think-aloud protocol, WCAG benchmarking.
Development
Client-side development with React, Analytics pipeline configuration, Content Management System (CMS) configuration, Webflow, WordPress, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Typescript.
Languages
English (C2 - Native), Spanish (C2 - Native), German (A2 - Beginner).

Education
Bachelor’s Industrial Engineering
Jacobs University Bremen  |  Bremen, Germany  |  2021  |  Diploma
High School Degree
The American International School of Muscat  |  Muscat, Oman  |  2016  |  Yearbook







email: alejandro.shutov@gmail.com  |  linkedIn: linkedin.com/in/ayepesshutova  |  portfolio: alejandroyshutova.webflow.io  |  (+34) 635 863 285
